DiceyCombat Pdeudo Code (#95)
thoth-tech/documentation: Dicey Combat.md

# Dicey Combat

***Table of content***
- [Dicey Combat](#dicey-combat)
  - [Game Concept](#game-concept)
    - [Introduction](#introduction)
    - [Specification](#specification)
  - [User Stories](#user-stories)
  - [Procedures](#procedures)
  - [Version History](#version-history)
    - [Background asset](#background-asset)
    - [Dice asset](#dice-asset)
  - [Further Plan](#further-plan)
    

> #

Reviewer: Please remove the blank heading.

If you want the line please use '---'

## Game Concept
Dicey Combat is a 2D arcade game for 2 players.  

### Introduction

> In the game, players roll two dice to move forward. Players conquer the opponents’ region and eat the token. Each player has four lives for a round. The game will end when one player loses all of the 4 lives. 

Reviewer: Slight reword for consistency

```suggestion
In the game, players roll two die to move forward. Players conquer the opponents’ region and eat the token. Each player has four lives. The game will end when one player loses all of the four lives. 
```

#

## User Stories
* As a student I want a machine with the ability to play my game creations so that I can showcase and share them with my peers.
* As a student I want to be able to have a guide so I can figure out how to use the machine and how I can get my game on the machine
* As a creator I want to know that I can safely upload my games without them being stolen or re uploaded to other sources so that I can continue to have it as an individual title.
* As a creator I want a server with the capability to update and deploy iterations of my game so that I can showcase it

#

## Procedures
Read more on :
[Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/ZqLqB2VB/cool-game-team)

* Writing a step-by-step user guide for git pull request 

* Planning, design and implementation  

* Draft plan of the design and code implementation 

* Researching on image assets 

* Sketching design  

* Low fidelity representation of the game (using simple shapes on powerpoint) 

* Upskill on Procreate (graphic editor application) 

* Creating image assets 

  Background 

  Players 

  Roll and Pass buttons 

  Dice 

>   Indicators 

Reviewer: Should this be an indented list?

* Research on code implementation 

* Write a Pseudocode for the game play 

#

## Version History
[Time-Lapse of Image Assets](https://youtu.be/5eA3UTkKqgs) 

[Draft prototype presentation of game design](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NAFD1ZbJFT7JtbG1qoaIBiS6UfSF0FfsAPnxu15A-Gk/edit?usp=sharing)  

> ### Background asset

Reviewer: You will need a blank space before this heading 

```suggestion

### Background asset
```

![image](Images\Background1.png)
Figure 1. Draft prototype presentation of game design

![image](Images\DiceyCombatBackground.png)
Figure 2. Rought draft of the background on PhotoShop 

![image](Images\Background2.png)
Figure 3. Semi-finished background on Procreate

![image](Images\Background3.png)
Figure 4. Final version of the background on Procreate 

### Dice asset

![image](Images\Tokens.png)
Figure 4. Final version of the indicators, dices, and players on Procreate  

![image](Images\Dice1.png)
Figure 5. Dice version 1

![image](Images\Dice2.png)
Figure 6. Dice version 2

#

## Further Plan

> In the next trimester, Dicey Combat will be finished and polished. It will be successfully presented on the arcade machine and be played.

Reviewer: Reword: 
```suggestion
In the next trimester, Dicey Combat will be refined and completed. It will be successfully presented on the arcade machine to be played.
```
